Add feature flag to disable/enable tagging auto-encoding (#300)
Nosto/nosto-prestashop: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to Semantic Versioning(http://semver.org/).

## 3.8.0

> - Add feature flag to enable/disable tagging auto encoding

Reviewer: - Add possibility to enable / disable 
```suggestion
- Add feature flag to enable/disable search term escaping for Nosto tagging
```
